alright wanting to kind of give a little
demonstration my new ride so far I've
had two police officers get behind me
and kind of spoil my fun and it's kind
of it's raining out here so I'm not
going to do the you know zero to 60 from
a dead stop kind of deal what I'm
actually going to end up doing I've got
this little miniature tripod here I got
it rigged up so I can kind of put it
around my neck and the way you can see
what's going on but you know I can still
see the road which is definitely more
important so if I can pull this off what
I'm going to do is I'm going to come out
of this casino parking lot here at
choctaw Oklahoma and I'm going to go
down to 5 40 and head back in the fort
smith arkansas so I want to see mr.
policeman anymore but if he sees me with
this camera around my neck she's
probably has had some questions for me
so
without further ado let's get the show
on the road
okay so that's going to be your do you
right there
to make an adjustment I didn't account
for having to turn my head and look
around and that kind of thing you know
and really this this probably isn't the
safest thing to do because it's raining
so don't try this at home I've got the
traction control turned on so I may not
spend tires I'm probably not spend tires
if they start to spend i'm going to let
off right away that way things don't get
out of control
mainly to this little demo just going to
be the show performance I'm not out to
set any records or anything I just want
to kind of show that uh you know this
thing kicks some ass okay and we're
getting on the night on the on 540 right
now there's a real time nothing's coming
I don't see any police
there you go 60 miles an hour that
wasn't from a dead stop but
it's pretty close
and actually the speed limit 65 but
we're going to stay at 60 because it's
raining
safety first well hope you enjoyed
enjoyed the video
and again it's the stockers there's
nothing on here there's no
custom exhaust system there's no KN
intake
there's no turbos or anything like that
it's just the straight-up you know 4.6
liter GT v8
anyway happy video